Sunday morning dark CLS Rising oh there's no
sunshine anywhere strong winds
blowing God give us wisdom to grasp the
message in the air oh if I could have one wish and know
that it would come true I wish that God would give us strength to know just what
to do then we could tear down the fences that fence Us
Falling fences created by such evil men then we could
tear down the fences that fence us all maybe we could walk together again
welcome to Lady Babylon this is the season six opener I tell you what last
time last season we had a mandate and that was to kick down the doors and take
back the text I am very pleased to report that we
have proceeded in our mission forward in this season this
season it's our mandate to bring bring forward the
untranslated reality I am going to be bringing you
texts sealed texts that have not been opened and we're going to open the
seals this is season six lady
Babylon [Music]
today we have quite a somber but striking chord to begin with to open up
this season and I am just very grateful
that everybody can be here to participate in this I'm going to be very careful of your
time very respectful and I'd like to begin tonight just to set us in the mood
just to set us in the place before I even tell you what we're going to do where we're going to go I want you to
see just a few quotes just a few quotes of the media now these are autot
translated yes um and I hope that you will understand the spirit behind them
let's get into this place we've got the images for [Music]
you [Music]
[Applause] m
[Music]
fantastic we put our El through cica in the court of neero um and of course
neero is digging into the dirt he's sending out his embassies to pick up all
of these thcs all these compound formulas that can be used in the mysteries for those of you who haven't
um caught up to that point yet we're talking drugs compound drugs talking the human turning the human body into a drug
manufacturing device we're talking about CS that are entering into
sasis through the power of something called The Burning purple we've all seen it we all know it we've stood at the
feet of that cross and we have seen that serpent wrap around the cross and we
knew this is our Salvation right thank you thank you for all the
drugs yeah tonight tonight what we're going to do right I've had the machine
going well I was doing a little song and dance for you but tonight where we're going is to a text and this text is not
often looked at um people are not that interested in it but it is the perfect
and precise Bridge it is the perfect and precise bridge for um us to step back
into that new testament yeah yeah we have to go native
in order to get to it nus explains
exactly all the cult that Jesus is involved in and our job this season is
to bring to light the cult of Jesus in
untranslated work um using the Vox
oric right the oric voice Ora nice
let's hit that first um we've got a comment to to hit yep go ahead hit the
comments now hey you've dropped more insight than Crowley did in 50 years sorry people you know me I switch gears
quick but I wanted you to have a couple of comments come on man it's fun and thank you guys for participating um
Crowley did in 50 years I've read original sin only a square would fail to comprehend prenti struggles with saimo
libido oh I smell nastiness yes yes um okay thank you very
much very very much cheese gando fantastic fantastic beautiful hit us
with another one thank you chewy oh you put that one in there on purpose didn't you yes I know you did that's okay you
can have your time in the Limelight thank you chewy for what you do so
lovely I was moved by what Almond said about you I also was not in the L in the
least surprised another terrific episode yeah thanks a lot chewy you know we
wouldn't be here right if it weren't for chewy so um yeah little round of
applause for chewy say something nice in the notes let's do we have one more was that it oh it's got to be said Dr Alman
you are absolutely sizzling hot thank you Elaine thank you Elaine it makes me
take it down for a second yeah it makes me feel very good to know that I am
sizzling hot yeah yeah it does it
does fantastic do we have any other ones no that's say okay uh you got the star
charts hit us with the first hit us with our first bit of Greek who am I tonight I want you to say my name right who am
I I'm the Christos wox uh oh and then you everybody in
Greek says but there's an UK there yeah I am not the Christos wox and I just
wanted to wake you up with this what is a what is a Christ wox have you heard of the Christ
wox yes very very old old old old
Myan love it this is the kind of stuff that you're delving into the vocabulary
of a Bronze Age cult and you say why are they calling Jesus the
Christ the Bronze Age wanu that's why the Watchers are always
giving me a hard time about you guys and meled right with they they said don't
pull that you know it's Meli right Mel sedc right he's also a m T you don't
know these things because you're restricted right do you see do you see
everyone the Bible studies people they're restricted they restrict
themselves what I am reading you tonight are the words of the bakic
Prophet St John yeah now which of the St John's
there's several St John's aren't there this is the the one that does all the baptizing he's the one within the
purple the what he's a Baptist don't worry weum prum what are those Baptists
carry around the glass dildo weum prum yes it's a drinking
cup right fantastic we're here okay you see
it smell it we just got out of the ship and every was like this places first century
sewage great you know you're in the right place now what am I giving you to
read that Prophet that bakic Prophet who I'm G to show you for the first time you're not going to see this anywhere
else I'm GNA show you for the first time what John the Baptist really
was yeah yeah and you're going to see what kind of person it's you're going to
smell him you're G to taste him yeah oh God this is good what am I
reading to you tonight what source was that that I'm flashing up in front of you that is the voice of
John who says I am not the wox Christos I am not the wox Christos hit
me with the wox it's the next Greek um from Alice blow that up JY thanks
Fantastic look at this guys for all of the Greek students look at um just the first thing you get under a do you see
the the F looking letter on there that's the Greek dma yeah now you know why I'm saying wox
you're like where's the W and you don't know where it is right um there it is
there it is where is it there it is look at the W case you know what the WAN case
are Wan case oh God the those are the Savior gods and if you have any brains
when you're at Sea you will have
honored this W aiss oh God love this stuff isn't it
culty fantastic it just it it brings up so much let's go to another another P
please pull in the Greek look what we're looking at people this is what I'm showing you tonight this is nonnus of
Panopoulos his metabolis of John what is a Metabo oh you'll see it defined
various incend ways yeah um why don't we just say um it is a an exchange a
transformation a restatement a retelling a decomposition and
recomposition Metabo nobody cares about titles and none of these titles are original so forget about it what is this
thing it's the Gospel of John written by someone who is deep kneed
deep in the flood of classical cult this
guy knows more about bacus than anybody for the last 500
years yeah fantastic people debate it's so disturbing that people debate was he
a Christian was he a pagan was he in The Scholar came up with this idea they said
hey he's a crypto Pagan right because they we got nothing better to do than to sit in the rooms and say let's make up
some words bro right crypto Pagan what does that mean it means he would have
never gotten his stuff published if he had not said he was a
Christian yeah fantastic and we have in the most
beautiful cult terminology the Gospel of John you'll find the Miracles suddenly
oh makes sense oh my God how long were we waiting
to break that seal love it give me another Greek text let's just oh let's just bathe in it tonight this is lovely
we're gonna see take take down I want everybody to remember you read this first
line what what is he doing to this who are these with us who those are the
servants what's he doing a p he's ordering around the servants to get busy
in what to get busy in the deepos in the communion of the
Viper wait wait wait don't forget this Jesus is the one who makes the
crack Jesus is the one who knows the
formula Jesus has the burning purple and
here he's supposed to be giving it to the folks yeah it's a miracle what does
he do he makes this wine man oh my God was fantastic they call it the banquet
now look you cannot deny this the banquet of the
Viper the banquet of the Viper the communion
of the Viper oh my goodness Jesus can we do
that whole Viper thing no wonder he's always yelling walking around you I'll teach you to not have to worry about
poison of snakes yeah druggie did you know he's a
drugie watch what John does John gets nuts why' you think he was wearing the
outfit of a baket yeah we're going to see him bring
bring up the next one this is gorgeous love it did we finish that one yeah we finished that previous one here and look
the uh the logos the logos became SARS right this is the beginning of John
right the word the pastors will translate this and the word became
flesh and dwelt Among Us and we beheld his
glory right now and they'll say the the ones that really had spent two days in
Greek and in seminary they'll tell you and the word for
Jesus coming to be among men is the word to set up a
tent and it is a reflection of the dent in the wilderness right they really get
into that but what they don't get into is the whole Viper communion what's the
Viper communion well these are the verses in John now let's look at how
they are translated by nus let's see by this creepy crypto
Pagan sorcerer um next one here it is here is his version of it kyos out
delos wait what is the logos what is the logos the logos is
self initiated self initiated you mean Jesus
Christ is the self-initiated yep
yep right from the beginning cult terminology all over it look at it what does he do what does the logos do
inar inar you know what SAR is i' love to tell you
this because it's
dirty SARS they translate it they translate it
as flesh but SARS is what
contains your inner most dirty desire your dirty dirty filthy dirty
thoughts those are the scks those are the SS Can You Feel The
Flesh Can You Feel The Flesh when you're out testifying Can You Feel The Flesh around
you can you honor Aphrodite can you appreciate
bakas yeah do you like democracy
yeah little bit of Justice little bit of
dekay love it let's bring up some more call it up it's coming through let's go
here um here's the beginning of John are you guys ready because pastors and preachers love this stuff take notes
pastors and preachers take notes you're never going to see this again inos yeah in the beginning was the logos
and the logos was with God and the Loos was the God and you know this one was in
the beginning um proon you know with God in the presence of God yeah okay
fantastic we've all heard that we've all heard that and what is that logos can
anybody tell me what that logos is what is that Alice give me that how's that way you phrased it the inward debate of
the soul the inward debate of the soul the accounting the
Reckoning the reason the
logos so John says in the beginning was the logos and nus says I'll let me
translate that for you next one yep thank you perfect here's his
translation yeah there is a logos and that logos is AC chronic and
unaccessible and it dwells within the inexpressible
AR it dwells within the beginning it dwells within the
Reich it dwells within the rulership where those archons
are yeah yeah and this place is
Aron it cannot be expressed it is
ineffable and what is this logos this logos is just like its Sam natured
parent the son Amor the son without a
mother the logos of the self-generated god light from light more
morality exactly indistinguishable from the father ruling upon the same Throne that
is endless this is the presos
cooo this is that very oldest most
authoritative entity who is involved with the
cosmos the organization right not talking Universe
we're talking everything yeah all dimensions and if
you just look at the bottom of this bottom of this Greek I want just want to see the first word in the first line
Zoe what is inborn within the logos he says at the bottom Zoey is Zoey who is
posim this Zoe who is who is given who gives
advantage to all this universal life Zoe is life in
the septu agent the text that we just claimed back we just kicked down the door and took back it says the 's name
is Zoe the 's name is
Zoey Zoey is inborn within the
logos now you say well that doesn't sound very Christian to me well it's not the version that you
have received for the last 1600 years of
filtration yes it's not but then again you don't have sex under the influence
of drugs when you go to church and I'm quite certain that you do
not as a Christian would in the first and second centuries you do not perform
for latio on your
priest they were getting arrested for that yeah that's quite a rocket
no yeah it is there's a lot of stuff you don't know
about your own religion relig and your own background and that's what we're here to do we're here to show you that
let's go to the next this is getting I need to I need to um do something to
someone over here who we I don't want to just call up
random let's get the next um text in there I want people to see this and then we'll have the and um we can go on um
please give me another yeah yeah yeah I want you to notice that this a this just um the without the mother
without the mother you mean the Christos the one that we're calling the she here
yeah the one that we're saying is the logos the inborn Zoey the inborn Zoey
Jesus is the inborn Zoey he is the
a are your eyes open are your eyes
open let's go to the next text we need a little text go ahead um beautiful yeah
that's okay original Primal that's okay we don't need a little bit beyond that yeah I want to um so John describing
himself
says this is that point in the gospel where John says I'm the voice of the one crying in the wilderness right and every
every body looks at that and they say oh how beautiful romantic and gorgeous it is um in the
words of nus let's turn up the cult let's turn up the
cult I am the voice of the
morning come to you from the void in the
Rock wait what did what did that junkie say John's junkie right the bapti
are right and yeah and they sex drugs they're using that's why they're they
all walk around with a penis shaped
cup Tada if you see a picture of John the
Baptist like so I guess it's on this side like so here I don't want to put
that anywhere right right if um remember this guy is um
charged on drugs and he's involved in sex rights sex rights and he's got
purple you wonder why Paul had to go all the way through up to redo all the
baptisms that John had
done there's certain things that that we don't do with the thorns in our
flesh the thorns in our flesh
yes if you have ears to hear you will have just heard me make a specific drug
reference yes fantastic okay let's get another another Greek text I want to
keep the picture building we get oh look and what does John say that he is he
um he says that he's the Enon Andra or the text the text calls him the Enon
Andra Enon Andra what kind of man is an Enon Andra and some of you get a little
bit excited because you hear the word that Carl Rock coin
Inogen yes yes now what is an anotic person do you
want to be an anotic person I want I kind of I want to know what's an enthetic person next slide look at
this Enos it's literally people having the Divinity inside you right full of the
god inspired or possessed but look at Roman numeral number two of divine
frenzy inspired by the gods and you can see the word Monti after it and
montei right you have that working of the God within when you were at those
fumigations right when you were at those fumigations what did you do what did you
do with those fumigations no listen you s down I'm talking to the
former head of my department while I was dis who said the Romans and Greece just
wouldn't do such thing is use drugs how do you get now no stay there
we'll bring you that later how do you get there without the
drugs the fumigations are sitting right in front of you they fumigated they did this to
you they did this stop he's already
dead fumigations love it for those of you who haven't been around we've been talking
about lots of sex drugs and fumigations that's what they've got going on okay there are people walking
around who've had erections for 48 hours that can't get rid of them and they're in a psychotic
State yes and you put these people together yes you put them into groups
and let them dance it out fantastic fantastic we need to go to a
little bit more Greek little bit more Greek poured on just a little bit look at this one guys I love this one yeah
yeah what is John doing John is raising the Bic shout he's
raising the voice that brings the God he is that divine power he is that
bakus so much so that John is given the epithet that we know was given to
Heracles why is John like
Heracles well if you're talking about mystery
cult and you're talking about the dragon's
banquet then you're talking talking about hus and Heracles and hus is Heracles young
boy friend yes young
boyfri and now you understand the
baptisms yes good fantastic fantastic there's always a nymph hidden somewhere
right there's always a nymph love it love it did you know John the Baptist
was that dirty some of you I know are going to write to me in various capacities and
you're going to say something about me going to hell or
something like that and you're going to say it's for bringing such slander to the name of
the Great and Powerful John
yes the bakic the bakic frenzy drug using child
rapist John let me see that one more
time the drug frenzied child
rapist John the Baptist it's okay
salame salame brought it to an end salame brought you in you say what I
thought I thought she was the bad right that's what happens she wasn't the bad
guy all right he was things get switched
around when the government gets taken over by the
minority that is a fundamentalist wacko bunch of Apocalypse
bringing burning down Rome destroying books and burning [__] did
I say I meant witches that was excuse me yeah let's
not get can we we can't beep that out because yeah it was a slip burning
witches burning witches the same people bring up the Greek I apologize that was
a complete because you know the the [__] were the people doing the
burning I know that because I I read a text about a woman who is being burned and
she was screaming at the people the Christians watching her as she was being
burned and she was screaming at them telling them I am your
punishment oh yeah yeah love it love it if you ever
get a chance to wave a fulum or a f Alice in the face of a child molesting
priest you may feel that you've received Justice I know I did I know the entire
school did it's out there love it bring it up bring it up here we've got another
text look at this and the the light has shined in the darkness this is that right your preacher is standing there
this is John the light shines in the darkness and the Darkness does not come
the light this is the light of Jesus right there was a dude it says in verse
six there was this dude he was sent from God and his name was John he came to be a
witness give us now what nus tells us what little tidbits can we can we get
from this look right at the top we've got Zoe again we've got that living life that's with embedded within the logo
right and we've got into this dark fog of death Cosmos came this shining
guos The Shining Earth shaking
glorious light yeah the darkness couldn't comprehend it the darkness couldn't
grasp it and there was this dude in this beef feeding little place
little Ops they used to call this copc right it's a oh whatever a Grove
some kind of Grove there's trays and bees right beefed isn't that a nice word
meloto Beed I love that anyway there's the stude in there this boning dude
right and what is he doing he's not even a citizen of where you and I are from
right he's the citizen of the Aron he is speaking from the Aron that
is hidden within the crack of the rock do you hear me this is John speaking to
you from the void this is John speaking to you a
Herald a Herald of the first baptism a Herald of the
origin his name is John the Divine breaker of people
wait what wait take it down did you did it say the breaker of people wait what
is it is this on oh my goodness I I had it there up until I saw John breaking
people but we know that he's the Heracles because he's got the title and
if he's got the title he's got the highas because everybody knows in the
preg poems you can drink out of the buttocks of
gamed you can drink now why did they say that that's a direct quote you can drink
out of the buttocks of ganam Zeus's cup
bear where do you think that nectar comes from Jesus
yeah there's a reason that the bandage that was on the naked kid that was with
Jesus when he was rested in a public park for him there's a reason the bandage is over his private
parts yeah Doom are we getting closer are we getting the bucket gear on right can we
get the image can someone please out there please use your AI plug in with something bring me the image of Jesus
and the boy with the bandaged private parts
please please it's a religious icon preserving Mark
1451 and 52 I commission you in the name
of the most excellent Christ wox arrested crucified for
you crucified I almost had you there didn't I felt somebody somebody out
there I could feel that had a little bit of sweep of the convincing
yes it turns out because it's all [Laughter]
real it's always a't that funny the reality is always a slap in the face
yeah let's go to one more source and then we're gonna um we're gonna um excuse people tonight because I I thank
you I'm I'm cogniz of your time let's get something valuable look at this one um yeah he's the one who's doing I just
wanted to show you he's the the one who's doing the purifications yeah and he's adding what's this great guy going to do he's
going to be adding this new mtic you know just keep going this is just you
know it's it's all infused within the nature baby it's all we got to do all
this just to put the stuff in the sarks right it's all in that nature of man
ride ride and by by man I mean people humans Riot not it didn't mean to sound funny
there anyway um yeah although it is TP it is though typically it is a male
there in the text but we know it's people in general there's no reason you ladies can't be possessed it's
ridiculous kind of discriminatory next text when you think about it the woman
is giving the communion right so you know Eve was
there for a good reason and when it came down to the drugs devil was straight up with her she
gonna get naked and you're gonna open your eyes why do you thank the devil I forgot
I'm glad I just recalled this to mind because I promised the
devil I would mention it remember he's really handsome right
come on give him a break he wasn't gonna lie to her right he wasn't gon to lie to
Eve he that Zoe you can't be disingenuous with life
you can't you can be disingenuous with yourself but you can't with
Zoey and the devil knew that and he knew Jehovah just lost a couple of ranks he
just fell he's going to lie in order to cover up something that
this woman is looking for give it to her give her the
truth right that's what zo is is worth
that's what she's worth she's worth the truth and if you're not willing to be true you can just end
up serving a misogynist I can't imagine anybody you know I'm sitting with the
Watchers and I just I get what they're saying you cannot
imagine a sentient being who wants to bow down for an
eternity to a misogynist a lying
misogynist who wants that who wants that
yeah let it be known that
30% of all Angelic beings said Lucifer is
Right Jehovah has got that lack that lack of unique
words right 8,000 8,000
Yahoo Zeus
Zeus comparatively
Zeus it is a fact it is a fact that the fallace was
erected in the middle of the holy of holies
do you know those of us who can worship that God yeah
yeah yeah that's life and every one of you was brought
into this world through that Gateway every one of us swim swim swim
swim swim swim right into Mommy's
egg yes yeah yeah so you can see where the Greeks are
they're right in this you know as human beings they're right in this world of
familiarity and all we need of these texts just to pop that pop those images
out you're gonna see Jesus in John the Baptist you're going to see other people in ways that you didn't realize they
were this way you're going to see see conversations that make sense you're
going to wonder have you ever wondered why you were supposed to have been born
again yeah you weren't born again what we got to redo the
baptism yeah we got to redo the baptism it's a thorn in the flesh baby now
here's the thing how many of you satanists yeah how many of you
pagans would be willing to make that step to walk that
way how many of you would like to show up at the Great Festival of the
bonadea men are you're not allowed and they'll kill you if you show up if you try to
infiltrate yeah it's an old Amazonian thing they imported bonadea from the
East remember those amaz iians that kill those cians that kill three men and then
then they can chase down a chase down a mate with which to mate and then dispose
of later you talk about abortion today imagine a society where a woman has a choice to abort you as the
husband yeah yeah love it love it hit that do we have that last bring that
last quote up um yeah this is just uh oh this isn't that um sent by the gods it
was I had a little bring it maybe that last ver yeah no that's okay we've got everything um so what I'm what I would
like you to understand from tonight is that
you're seeing the text of the Gospel of John
Through The Eyes of the cult in which Jesus is rooted um this is a book that
would be written by someone with ears to hear who is making
plain the Vox Ora making it plain for you and you
we'll see that when we come across the cpost in a little bit we'll see it when Jesus is mixing his
wine and if we do anything for season six it will be to open up that vist
that unseen Vista of a reality of a person who who was waste deep in orgy
sex drugs castration of
children cutting of oneself and applying drugs to the to the
incisions who is this man he's the man with the wine
what do I have to do with you Mary come on come on what do you want this is not your Biz this is not my father's
ministry right what do you have to do with it do you want them to have the
Water of Life is that what you want when Jesus was on the cross screaming about
being thirsty this text tonight please realize
this text tonight said they were engaged that Jesus was initiating it
giving the orders for them to be engaged in the
dipass communion do you want to know what Jesus's dipass communion was you want to
know about the serpent yeah you know you do thank you for coming
tonight thank you for spending your time and giving your time
keep up the questions we love it and we'll put up as many good ones as we can it's an honor it's an honor hell
Satan fences created by such evil men
then we could tear down the fences that fence us all in maybe we could walk
together again just maybe we could walk
together